your individual life vest
is located in a pouch beneath your seat
should its use become necessary
[Music]
bring the straps around your waist pull
on the loose straps
until the vest fits snugly as we are now
demonstrating
thank you for your attention
we will be airborne shortly
we are torn apart by events i like to be
submissive
do you know what that means
[Music]
put back together differently by others
why japan
sometimes being alone isn't about other
people alone
is about people be careful then how do
you know that i'm not a bad man
[Music]
i don't
how do you know difficult to make you
happy
i think i'm destined to go nuts nobody
uses their public face
in the express sometimes
the mask is prettier than the thing
behind it
i tell myself there is no happy ending
all the pieces do not fit together
perfectly
but somehow everything is beautiful
[Music]
you